README.md, before:

# CSS Animation

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-v.5-E34F26?logo=HTML5)
![css](https://img.shields.io/badge/css-1572B6?logo=CSS3)

Making an animation out of svg image using html and css.

Check out my website here: https://adelansari.github.io/fullstack13-animation/


## Project structure

```
📦.
 ┣ 📜index.html
 ┣ 📜README.md
 ┣ 📜styles.css
 ┗ 📜undraw_guitar.svg
```



## Instructions

1. Fork and clone the project

2. Go to website [undraw.co](https://undraw.co/illustrations), or any free SVG open-source of
you choice. Select and download a picture to work with animation

3. Go to [figma.com](https://www.figma.com/). Bring the SVG file that you have downloaded here.
Change the colors to your preferences. Decide which part to animate and rename it to be unique.
If you decide to animate serveral vectors as a group (for example: a person is a group of his head, body, arms, legs,...), you should group those vectors together, and rename the group.

4. Download the Figma design. Note: Before clicking 'Export', remember to change file type to 'SVG'
and select the option 'Include id attribute'.

5. Paste the Figma SVG file to your working folder. Coppy all the codes inside svg file to
index.html (wrap codes inside a div). Practice the animation with these features:

- rotating in different axes
- changing color

Will change this soon.

Commit message:

edited readme and added a gif result

README.md, after:

# CSS Animation

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-v.5-E34F26?logo=HTML5)
![css](https://img.shields.io/badge/css-1572B6?logo=CSS3)

Making an animation out of svg image using html and css.

Check out my website here: https://adelansari.github.io/fullstack13-animation/

## Table of content
  - [Technologies](#technologies)
  - [Project structure](#project-structure)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Result](#result)
  - [Resources](#resources)


## Technologies

- HTML5
- css

## Project structure

```
📦.
 ┣ 📜css-animation-result.gif
 ┣ 📜index.html
 ┣ 📜README.md
 ┣ 📜styles.css
 ┗ 📜undraw_guitar.svg
```

## Getting Started

- Clone the repository: `git clone`
- Open index.html with "Live Server".

## Result
<p align="center">
   <img src="css-animation-result.gif" alt="css-result-overview"/>
</p>

## Resources
-  [undraw.co](https://undraw.co/illustrations) to obtain free SVG images.
-  [figma.com](https://www.figma.com/). To edit the SVG, rename and group the parts I want to animate.
